Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence. – Carl Sagan.

"Maturity is the capacity to endure uncertainty." John Finley.

An approximate answer to the right problem is worth a good deal more than an exact answer to an approximate problem. – John Tukey.

I think it is much more interesting to live with uncertainty than to live with answers that might be wrong. – Richard Feynman.

All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better. – Ralph Waldo Emerson 

Data is the sword of the 21st century, those who wield it well, the Samurai. –Jonathan Rosenberg

The greatest value of a picture is when it forces us to notice what we never expected to see. – John Tukey.

All models are wrong, but some are useful. – George Box

Statisticians, like artists, have the bad habit of falling in love with their models. –George Box

"It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data." Sir Arthur Conan Doyle

"Randomization is too important to be left to chance." J. D. Petruccelli

“The most valuable commodity I know of is information.” - Gordon Gekko

“Without data, you’re just another person with an opinion.” - William Edwards Deming

“Data will talk to you, If you’re willing to listen to it”- Jim Bergeson

“We are drowning in information and starving for knowledge.” - Rutherford David Rogers

“You can have data without information, but you cannot have information without data.” - Daniel Keys Moran

“Information is the oil of the 21st century, and analytics is the combustion engine.” - Peter Sondergaard

“The only thing that’s certain is uncertainty.” – John Allen Paulos

“Uncertainty is the only certainty there is, and knowing how to live with insecurity is the only security.”  – John Allen Paulos

“Chance is the only thing that is perfectly logical.” – Henri Poincaré

“The most important questions of life are indeed, for the most part, really only problems of probability.” - Pierre-Simon Laplace

“All models are approximations. Essentially, all models are wrong, but some are useful.” - George E. P. Box

“Luck is statistics taken personally.”  - Penn Jillette

“It is easy to lie with statistics; it is easier to lie without them.” - Frederick Mosteller

“To understand God's thoughts, one must study statistics, for these are the measure of His purpose.”  - Florence Nightingale

“Why speculate when you can calculate?” - John C. Baez

“We know nothing until intuition agrees.”  - Richard Bach

“The best thing about being a statistician is that you get to play in everyone's backyard.” - John Tukey

“In God we trust. All others must bring data." – W. Edwards Deming

“Figures don't lie, but liars figure.”  - Mark Twain

“The purpose of computing is insight, not numbers.”  - Richard Hamming

“Most people use statistics like a drunk man uses a lamppost; more for support than illumination” ― Andrew Lang

“Chance favors the prepared mind.” ― Bradley Lilly

“Data must be used to tell the truth, not to call to action, no matter how noble the intentions.” ― Hans Rosling
